docs: document markdown format and add quarto/ mkdocs plugins (#4736)
marimo-team/marimo: docs/guides/coming_from/jupytext.md

notebooks, whereas marimo works with marimo notebooks, which are not based
on IPython/Jupyter. Here's a comparison to help you transition smoothly.

!!! tip "marimo also has a markdown fileformat"

>     Learn more about it with `marimo tutorials markdown-format`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Learn more by running `marimo tutorial markdown-format` at the command-line.
```
